Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check on audio and video my audio lining up with video, video, audio, video, lining up
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you sound good, too. All right. How you doing,
Ramon: Good, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. I'm going to open up a note for us. So I have somewhere to scribble, there was a real close call like I am, it could have just as easily not been available. What happened with the confirmation initially
Ramon: Oh my phone. My phone's off today. I gotta wait till I get off work to pay the bills.
Ramon: receive messages, but I can't send me
Gwenevere Abriel: Explains it
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I know you are or you were I'm assuming it's the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Eager to taper aware yet with your notes.
Ramon: Are still a tu
Gwenevere Abriel: Tu, Tu
Gwenevere Abriel: Tu, Tu strips is
Gwenevere Abriel: Milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Well, that's a whole lot lower than 24 minutes
Ramon: Yeah, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was that because I think you kind of went from one dose to the next. And was there a big withdrawal for you or no.
Ramon: No, not at all. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's your sweetheart doing it as I know there's a lot going on that will, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: She's really good.
Ramon: She's doing this. She's down to I think like that half of subtext. She switched from the scripts to the sub tasks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Ramon: It sounds like a half she's done for mobile apps.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you guys have a heart to heart about your, your belief system, your preferences about substance use and having a baby moving forward.
Ramon: Yeah. She says she's gonna try
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's
Ramon: Enough for you as long as she tries. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, see where we're at with our goals for 11 now we should probably be on. I'm about I want help with addiction to heroin. That's one of the big ones for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little check in on that goal. I want her help with addiction to heroin, so we can mention that you're at
Gwenevere Abriel: A milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Frequently are
Gwenevere Abriel: In column cravings, but their thoughts or a notion
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a reminding of reminiscing of using how often are they coming. Are they once a week 10 times a day, or once a month, like how frequent
Ramon: Say,
Ramon: Like three times a day probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Any pattern around that like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's the pattern.
Ramon: What it is is I work my tires.
Ramon: And
Ramon: When I used to do heroin. He showed up. So when I'm lumping these tires my veins start up not in my arms, because my muscles are working
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. And
Ramon: It just like triggers for me. I don't know quite what it is, but it does
Ramon: So I try to keep a sweater on but starting to get hot and take it off here. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really cool that you're able to identify that you get a sense of not only seeing it. But is it also is there a feeling to it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifting something heavy. Is this the tire right that are heavy
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you actually feel the veins or is it muscles that you're feeling, what do you
Ramon: What does it feel, I feel my muscles.
Ramon: Lifting tires. It's like, like I said, take off my sweater and I started looking at my arms.
Ramon: See how big my muscles are
Ramon: And then I have like old scar tissue right there. And now that I've been working at sober for nine months is kind of like my veins bigger there to never been before, because I know
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: If we pull those right we pull those two apart. We have the addict inside is like, Oh, perfect.
Ramon: Yeah.
Ramon: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we got to stay in in the fight we stay in the conversation, the internal dialogue. So now I'm wondering after that initial Oh sweet. Look at that sweet vein. Right. Dang, right. So as soon as you have that
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you add it with more thoughts.
Ramon: Yeah, for a second, but lately I've been doing a little trick you told me where those mines and take some fill it.
Ramon: Start
Ramon: Having that I'll do that right away. It works pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what you do. I think I heard you say is right, if it's if it's visual you cut out that input with the eyes closed, you grab Water Bottle Coffee bottle screwdriver wrench something
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get into a different neural network that's the science part, but in the dialogue, the inner dialogue. It's gotta include shut the F up
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I still don't know whether you're being nice nice nice to the addict inside. I still don't know if you're drawing a firm boundary with that voice inside. Remember, we've done that role that role was in there.
Ramon: I'm really close. Like I could say, I've been thinking about it and everything lately I'm really close to drawing that firm line to where like I could feel it coming.
Ramon: Around the corner.
Ramon: I'm not quite there yet, but I could feel it go
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as you said that you know what I thought about
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought about the argument back being are you effing kidding me, you're gonna kill my kid, like, that's how I found it just now, like you, you're going to kill my kid like I got that anger, you're going to mess with my family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you understand that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you're not there, but I can find it. I found it on my own. But that's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this with this baby coming with this family with this ideal with this vision with this dream you've wanted this and now it's coming. And this addict is like focusing on that vein, I mean really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your priorities are whack.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, that's the conversation like
Gwenevere Abriel: You really don't get me you don't get me. I'm all about long term happy you're all about short term. Hi, you're going to last in 20 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably lying to go in my doctor starting to talk about making up excuses. I'm going to start hustling I'm money's going to be diverted over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All my all all these other things come back in. That's what the attic wants you to do. It doesn't care about family doesn't care about your baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not at all. Can you imagine talking to a friend like that and keeping that friend in your life.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not quite ready to have that conversation not quite ready but you can feel it coming right and the maybe the more that that clarity of this this life more sobriety family baby more it becomes clear and clear that this is coming to fruition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're going to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Flipping the bird.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't give it you'll literally as soon as you see it walking towards the door you'll slam the door in its face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we have to do that mentally. We've got to be able to do that. Otherwise, we keep feeding it and we romanticize it
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it was this, it was that we sit there more and more in that in that neural network of all the things
Gwenevere Abriel: But clam got a slam it
Gwenevere Abriel: Off we go. You grab something five senses, which see which field, which are here to taste what you smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call my girl, Assistant, a cute picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you, you love me. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, yeah. What, what, what do we get. Okay. So what caught water names. What are we thinking, you know, you get into this other neural network, you get into that thinking, get away from that one. Shut up. You're almost there. You told me you're getting close.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know, I'm going to be like
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's work done.
Ramon: Oh man, there's a little problem. I guess because
Ramon: For some reason the shop managers all in his feelings about something. Who knows what I honestly don't know.
Ramon: And he made up a lie to my boss and he told my boss that he doesn't want me working in a shop because he's tired of second checking my work.
Ramon: double checking my work, which is a lie, cuz he's pulled me off of, like, doing my own personal job to help him like a go do the tractor trailer. Hey finished this trailer over here, you know,
Ramon: It shouldn't season. He's got some kind of feeling about something and I quite don't know what it is. I might put a pin on one or two things. But even so, he still lineup. So I asked my boss today.
Ramon: And I said, hey,
Ramon: I said, So is he able to send me home being that I don't work in a shop. I guess he, my boss and my boss, pretty much told me because I haven't been here that long that I'm like the one that gets sent home.
Ramon: Pretty much. And that shouldn't be how work is done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where does that come from. It shouldn't be seniority.
Ramon: This
Ramon: If he doesn't me working in a shop and my boss does and I'm working in there. He'll go home, or tell my boss sent him home where I'm going home and my boss or wanting to stay so bad that he will send me home before
Ramon: Or if Ruben was like, hey, I'm going to quit. If you don't fire this do
Gwenevere Abriel: You fire.
Ramon: Before he left and click it shouldn't be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're right. No, I see it. I see it. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see it now. Okay. Yeah.
Ramon: No, I can share them be able to tell me nothing. Because I don't, I'm not a sharp worker. I'm a bumper only boss, I should have is my boss. That's an office. You know what I mean. But that's not how it works. And that's fucked up. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it should be one way, but it's not. It's messed up, but it is
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is as soon as you walk out. It's going to be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now it's going to be how Ramon
Gwenevere Abriel: Lives with that how he navigates that he copes with that how he deals with that the meaning he makes out of it. If you and I just for today, play with the different meaning of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I want to understand. You're, you're really adept which means really good at something, picking up on what people are kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: What their mood is and what's up. You know, you're good at reading FX. That's our face.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have some suspicions about boss's boss's boss, I get lost. If I don't have names. Who's the person that's Catching Feelings with that person's name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reuben. Okay, so what do you think you've got it. You've got two ideas about what Reuben is jealous. Maybe, I don't know. What is it, what's up with Reuben.
Ramon: Well, mostly. The other day I went on a backlog that cause where we go get tires load them up and bring them back to the shop.
Ramon: Whether or not I knew if he knew about it. I showed up to the shop late at like three o'clock. And they're like, oh, where you been
Ramon: And I didn't tell him I just told them chillin and working because none of your business. So the next day he tried to make some kind of joke like or reminders of finishes work.
Ramon: Then I was like, you got to, got life. I always finished my stuff. What are you talking about, and I think he kind of got in his feelings, because I didn't let him talk about like that.
Ramon: And the other day, he didn't. I went on a backhaul. He probably thought I was hiding and chillin this that of helping them in the shop.
Ramon: So now he's, he told my boss, which is Danny, he says, hey, I don't want him working in shock because I'm tired. Second, checking his work, which is a, like a straight up like
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we can we deconstruct this one I think this might be useful. You open to it.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's come at it from a slightly different angle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if I can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pauline was out and about.
Gwenevere Abriel: doing her thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever it was her life. She's an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you asked her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she says,
Gwenevere Abriel: Live in my life. I'm an adult, doing my thing. How would you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to overanalyze just first response. How would you feel
Ramon: Okay, I guess.
Ramon: Yeah.
Ramon: I don't know. Okay.
Ramon: The from her out. Be a weird answer because she doesn't answer like that if I answer like that it'd be okay because I, that's what I do. I do that to everybody you this
Gwenevere Abriel: You're looking to
Ramon: Answer like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're looking to closely at it. Come back, come back. Let this work for you a little you're looking so close, come back a little bit, let this analogy work for you. Okay, let's see if you can let it work.
Gwenevere Abriel: If your person your person right person you care about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gives you an answer that leaves you like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were suspecting you were Miss trusting. Let's say just work with me here. Let this analogy work. I know we can pick it apart. But then we won't have an entire
Ramon: Year, you're gonna have to use somebody else because I don't love her, but I could give to folks about Reuben, you're gonna have to use somebody else.
Ramon: I'm not going to use the woman I love with somebody, I
Ramon: Dislike in the same analogy, it doesn't work because I don't have the same feelings for him that I do for her whether I'm letting it go or trying to pretend or whatever my feelings aren't there.
Ramon: To what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have any problems seeing what you're saying, but you won't try this on. You are so persistent in not making learning this work.
Ramon: Because either. I don't love him, you're using the woman I love as somebody I dislike that you can't compare it to
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I doing with this analogy.
Ramon: You're using Pauline, the woman I love are coming home chillin all day and using the same analogy, like I was thinking, what
Ramon: If Rubin came in and I asked him, Hey, where you been, and he's like, OH CHILLIN are cool, whatever. Same thing. I wouldn't give a fuck. OK, cool.
Ramon: It was chilling work. That's what he said. Pauline and Reuben or two different people. You can use my girlfriend and the woman I love in this situation doesn't work.
Ramon: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, it doesn't work.
Ramon: Because I love her.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand. It's an analogy. It's not a real thing you
Ramon: But
Ramon: But what it doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, neither just
Ramon: Wanted to work. You want it to work and it won't work. It doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You try it.
Ramon: My girlfriend coming in after a long day doing whatever she was doing at her saying that would never happen. So
Gwenevere Abriel: What is my clinical intent.
Ramon: To pretend my girlfriend came in and did that. How would I feel if she did that to me.
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: You're wrong.
Ramon: What is it
Ramon: Let's try it out. Let's try it out. What is it,
Ramon: Let's try it out. Let's try it out. What do you want me to try. Oh, come on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're funny. That will never happen. See what you don't see is, I know the game. We're in
Gwenevere Abriel: I was gonna say before I even did this and I said, a little bit of it. Give this a chance. And I had this really long pause, because I was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, I hope he doesn't get offended. I hope he doesn't. And I even said, a little bit of to try not to over analyze it, try to just get your first response and we could have moved. But now we're talking about the analogy, and now it's moved before we were talking about words and
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to drop that
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't quite see that this whole thing this whole thing nice talking to you is in service to you this whole my whole effort. My showing up here.
Ramon: For to what
Ramon: You want me to let things work. That doesn't work for me.
Ramon: And then you want me to try to accept that try to make it work. That does not work for me using my girlfriend in place with somebody, I do not like does not work for, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're wrong, you're wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is what is happening right now.
Ramon: But
Ramon: Ever since I've been doing this therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Ramon: You had me do these little
Ramon: Exercises, and you want me to
Ramon: Do certain way.
Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to name. What's going on between you and I see if you can do it. What is happening right now that could be happening, also in other pockets of your life, what am I doing it can also parallel because that's what fair, it is, it happens in here, what also happens out there.
Ramon: I guess trying to control how I actor think I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What line. Let's sit there and see how true that is
Ramon: It's really true. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: someone's trying to control me. Are you feeling that and you do not like it.
Ramon: Yeah, more or less, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: The next useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: That all of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all in service to you. So we take that feeling control whether it was a Pauline are going in here doesn't matter it's I'm trying to communicate and teach something. And so I think we got there, how we get there. I'm not hung up on on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on to this feeling control. Let's say that's the useful piece here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to Ruben for a second. I'm going to clear my errors on
Gwenevere Abriel: The missing piece. I was taking a little bit of notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm using probably the wrong word. I'm going to say that Hall. Is that the right term of what you were doing all okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So it looks like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one knows what he's doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what you're doing. This is you, in my left hand Ramon knows what he's doing.
Ramon: A remote boss Danny knows what he's doing. So does everybody in the office.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but Reuben doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang on to it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If Ruben is me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it similar like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I'm not telling Ruben
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I was I was doing a bad call but there's something about Reuben.
Gwenevere Abriel: You aren't going to give him anything
Gwenevere Abriel: It's none of his business.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that was a piece of missing information. We gave him the benefit of the doubt the most generous of assumption. You don't have to love them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we're going to be working with him right if we just said, well, maybe he doesn't know kind of care. I know what I was up to. Oh, I was doing backhaul
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how you deliberately think I could be wrong didn't tell him where you were. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: I was working all day, I was, you know, I think of something like that. You kind of held that piece, the detail of it, I think, correct me if I'm wrong, because it's none of his effin business. I know what I'm doing. You're not my boss and I don't know you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but do you know if that were true.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of this next step and then the next step. The next step. If all it was just as easy to just say, oh, I was doing a bad call I thought everybody already knew.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that could be it. There are a lot of different ways it could have played out. But I think you really dislike Rubin.
Ramon: Well, it's because he uses his little power, that He has an abuser because he shop manager.
Ramon: And I really want him to be put in his place to let him know that he's not my manager. I don't work in the shop, my title is a lumber. I worked outside and trailer
Ramon: So whether I helped them in the shop or not is my decision. I do not have to help them. And I've been told that by my own boss. I don't have to help them.
Ramon: I chose to help them and they got used to sort of that went on the back on. I wasn't in there helping him. He's probably all sad about it.
Ramon: But he needs to be put in this place already and my boss is too nice to let him know hey leave Ramon alone. You're not his boss.
Ramon: So now I have to talk to the main boss, I gotta get the corporate number and call corporate and talk to my boss and let him know what's going on because I honestly don't think it's right at all.
Ramon: Ruben should not be able to tell me whether or not I have to go home. I have a family to take care of, because he's in his feelings that shouldn't be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It shouldn't be right. It shouldn't be right. It shouldn't be right. I don't all about aside, it happened. That's the difference between it actually happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: You withheld information because you want to prove a point to Ruben you want him put in his place. And somehow you with holding that little we're only taking a tight. Don't go too far away from it just right there. I don't want to tell them screw him right
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't answer to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you really want the power then is nothing but a thing. I'll just tell them
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can go up the chain of command as you did and say I don't quite understand the hierarchy here. I watched this thing happened where I had to be like home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they don't want someone else to leave. I don't quite understand the dynamics in the workplace. What, what is my course of action. Here you see it like
Gwenevere Abriel: You actually you, you do have the power you have the power of your response.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the power of not given a flying be about Rubin has this information doesn't have this information, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have to be the one to put them in his place. There's if if I am busy. If we are busy trying to get all these people in place. We're going to be a full time job trying to get people in their place.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you truly is in your. It sounds like he's actually could get in the way of you actually earning a living, so I can see why you want to bring it up the chain.
Ramon: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Messing with your money and I can see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That part I get. And so what you took action. You went up, you get you're going to call, you're going to go up the chain whatever's happening here at this mid level management isn't working.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not addressing it. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Might not and I get that the only part therapist is interested in is right here. You already know how to move things up the chain you know already know self advocacy. It's in this this piece because it also happened here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want that feeling of someone trying to control me. I think it plays out here, and I think it may play out elsewhere and you're missing opportunities, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be at peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might have been a perceived threat. Maybe when there was none.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because notice how intense it got in here with even us
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know my good intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have any other I'm not up to anything else, whatever's in your ways and my way. I'm on your side 110
Gwenevere Abriel: But even me. I can feel threatening. I'm not calling you scared. I'm saying, like, that's why we got poof, I got upset with me. I was coming at you and almost like I was coming at the woman you love like get off the topic. It was a perception of threat if you can have control over that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It, you can catch it in its early phase.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can let go the power of it, it loses its power.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you just go out, let me, let me see what this let me see what this lady's off to let me see what she's doing with this cool. Look at me. I really don't like her talking about Pauline, what I really don't like that at all. Let me look at that. Let me see what's coming up for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we and we stay with that. So giving your therapist, that's me a chance to say what's coming up. This is a big reaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's big.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and letting therapists do therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. You've been patient. You've been letting me talk. What's going on for you over there.
Ramon: No.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: He fell and pushed away.
Ramon: No, no.
Ramon: I'm just
Ramon: I guess I'm at the point where I'm just getting tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay tired physically irritated with me tired of Ruben tired of the job title was want to clarify.
This
Gwenevere Abriel: Car to everything. It just, like, like the heaviness of it hits you somehow
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah okay well
Gwenevere Abriel: Then let me praise you. Let me tell you what a hard job you have done. You've done a great job because
Gwenevere Abriel: You're out you're working and you're not only are you working you're working on is not so easy people long term relationship already have a kid kid coming. Do you see how hard you're working
Ramon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Work in a recovery program and you just dialed it up even faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I get concerned I get, like, wait, wait, wait, you know. Okay, let's get our skills in place. So yeah, I'm excited. So yeah, I want to talk about anger and I want to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: How people get in their feelings and when is my client when his remote IN HIS FEELINGS, TOO. AND IT IS hijacking long term planning. I want to get to know that. And I want to support you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If tired had a voice. What would it sound like today.
Ramon: Me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about feelings of excitement and curiosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about other parts of your life. Maybe I kind of brought in some fatigue in some of our conversation. But what about the light and the bright to new exciting about those things you're looking forward to
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm asking you about them.
Ramon: Sure, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What, tell me more about the fatigue.
Gwenevere Abriel: The I'm tired.
Ramon: I guess sorta
Ramon: Thinking, the
Ramon: I don't know the mental stress, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Said, put it on me. I want to be the breadwinner but you you have a lot of pressure, you know, to be a provider, and I know you've asked for it. And I know that's your value system.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it is a lot of pressure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you got this dodo bird Reuben right is messing with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mind is going around it around and thinking and thinking about it, what's up with this guy wants his next move. I want to get ahead of it. Is that where it's going.
Ramon: Is really what I just want to slap them in this place where yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I've heard. I've heard these phrases before from my folks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it, it sets that power differential that worked in custody. You know, like, okay, we now we know and sometimes y'all even become best not saying you guys are the best friends, but sometimes it happens that now there's like this new respect somehow that was the order of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, it'll play out like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm afraid you want someone
Who
Ramon: Have done it.
Yeah.
Ramon: More, more every day. It's last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would happen
Gwenevere Abriel: If you straight up.
Gwenevere Abriel: stopped caring about what he thinks of you. What if you completely isolated that when he didn't care anymore.
Ramon: Even if I did it.
Ramon: it'll still work with it'll still affect my working like
Ramon: Cuz, even if I didn't care what he thought, whatever. And I'm minding my own business. Let's just say I was chilling out there by the trailer
Ramon: It would find a reason to give me settle because he dislikes that I don't care.
Ramon: You see what I'm saying.
Ramon: So I need to be able to take that power of him.
Ramon: Being able to send me home or tell me what to do. I need to get that. That way I could walk around and not really care what he thinks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see why you have that as your solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you also believe that there might be other solutions, not just that one.
Ramon: I honestly don't think there is
Ramon: Because I've tried, I tried talking to the main boss here and he still like, Oh, well. You're the new guy. And I've been here over nine months now. I was there a year.
Ramon: So come on with that new guy shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: We should have a magic wand. I wish I could
Gwenevere Abriel: sell you on an idea of tactical empathy of the magic that it can create
Gwenevere Abriel: Said, you've tried everything so
Gwenevere Abriel: Work at the chain of command that might just work, you know, maybe there's a pattern. Maybe he does this to all the new folks that come in.
Ramon: Those night. That's the only reason I know this is because he's told me stories and others people's told me stories about stuff, just like this, where he gets mad, and he's like, it's me are
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Ramon: So, yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they may have a record of it. And so then maybe they'll, they'll intervene. I hope they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Couple weeks out
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to mention also
Gwenevere Abriel: Just telling everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Different doctor, Dr Arielle and I are starting a new group noon on Tuesday. You are frozen Frozen frozen. I wonder
Ramon: I know cuz I'm checking my calendar, but I still hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just letting air all of my clients know if for some reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need make a group or something like that. Another alternative is noon on a Tuesday and that starting April 21 just throwing it out there. I'll keep saying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking forward, right now I have someone already on Wednesday at 11 and 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be. It could be noon on April on a Thursday, could you make that work like
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think about that.
Ramon: Yeah.
Ramon: Yeah yeah that'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this text challenge. Do you think that by then maybe we'll be back to being able to confirm appointments via text.
Ramon: Yeah, no, I'm getting an echo today.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Ramon: It's just cuz last week I before I got paid. I had a switch, they could count because I filled out this scam thing.
Ramon: So for the last five months.
Ramon: They've been taking $2 out of my bank account every month. So I had to go switch my bank account and close my old one and my direct deposit got sent to my old bank account. So I had to wait till today to get my paycheck that I was supposed to get on Friday.
Ramon: So I wasn't able to pay my bills but it'll all be paid today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a quick if we can little process kind of run through a couple of snapshots. Maybe almost seeing like a film strip with little, little flashes of different things that happened today just give yourself a little bit of time to let it sort of move through
Gwenevere Abriel: A sense of what you're coming away with, it's important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We had backlighting so I couldn't see you for these last probably 60 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you hear my invitation.
Ramon: Yeah, I was doing it actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice
Ramon: I noticed I was walking on eggshells all day at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think I had an impact on on our interaction to
Ramon: Oh yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Powerful stuff right we bring in relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how did you see
Gwenevere Abriel: eggshells, and then another snapshot of what happened and then another snapshot and now this one. And how are we now,
Ramon: What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you on eggshells now.
Ramon: Oh no, I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we now.
Ramon: We're, we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we had this, we had this, we had this and now we're good.
Ramon: And so I walk out this door here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I did here with me, you can do if you want to with someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever you did it made it possible to feel good again in here, you can do that if you want to be around someone else as well because I'm imagining. You don't want to be on eggshells, it's an unpleasant feeling
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want you can think about, what did you do to make possible that we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's maybe the part as you kind of move throughout the day, or you're kind of doing kind of tasks that we can allow your mind to drift and process.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did I do in there. I didn't hang up. I didn't walk out. What did I do I stay here and we ended up kind of being good kind of look at what you did and then see if that's a skill that you could apply to people that kind of irritated, a little bit or do this thing like you
Gwenevere Abriel: We are trying to control you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Identify what you did.
Your
Ramon: audios all messed up my
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test. Can you hear me.
Ramon: Yeah, there you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I guess if you can hear me. I'll just one last invitation. If you want just pay attention to what you did to make possible for us to be good as we ended here today. OK.
Ramon: I will go out there, take the butter right now, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Ramon: I don't know what I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't know your your your least half of this interaction or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean I did some stuff. And I know what I did you use to take a peek of what you didn't see what you come up with
Ramon: The right
Gwenevere Abriel: Group. Bye bye.